Add option to support disabling tool installation (#415)
ericcornelissen/tool-versions-update-action: commit/README.md

      Update {{updated-tools}}

>     # Install tools from .tool-versions file. Plugins will still be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Whether to install tools from the .tool-versions file. Plugins will always
    # be added.
```
